Now let's first of all fix the fact that our user does not have the post added to his posts array,
the reason for that is that I do push the post here
but of course I forgot one important thing,
I never saved that change. I need to call users save here and I'm not interested in the result but I certainly
want to await it nonetheless so that I only return after this has been done.
So this is one important change and this is only one change we need though, we can quickly validate whether
it works
however by going to posts, let's delete that post which we added here and now let's go back to our frontend,
add a new post, another
duck, choose an image even though it's not getting used.
Let's add some content and click accept, we still get that error
but if we go back to compass, we have a look at our users, for the first user,
we now also see that post here.
So that is now working
and now let's make sure we also extract the data correctly on the frontend and that we then also load
all posts so that we really can see them there.
Now for the data extraction, we see that this is the data in the format we get it back,
an object with a data field, then the name of our query and then in another nested object, the fields
for that query
and this is exactly how we have to retrieve our data.
So in our react code in feed.js
here,
when I create my post there and I try to access response data post and this will not work,
I have to access res data data
create post, so here its res data data
create post ID and that is the case for all these places,
whoops, where I do access fields on my created post.
Now with that, we should not get an error message anymore
when I create a new post at least,
so let's try that out, a cup,
let's choose the cup image though it does not matter,
we're not uploading it, it accept and I don't get that error anymore.
So extracting the data works,
now let's focus on adding a query that allows us to get our posts so that we can also render them here.
This is also a great practice for you, we'll do together in the next lecture,
try fetching your posts on your own,
try creating that query on the backend on your own.
You don't need to tweak the frontend code,
if you can do that,
perfect, we'll do it together otherwise but add your graphql query and test it with the graphiql interface.